It is a Sunday afternoon in the countryside. Is it hot? A small boy is in a rice field. He is ten years old. When is his birthday? He walks up a hill. Is it a big hill? He goes into a graveyard. Is it an old graveyard? He sees his father’s gravestone. What colour is it? He sits down in front of the gravestone. Is he sad?Suddenly the small boy hears a sound. Is it loud? The boy turns around. He sees a man. Is he tall? The man has very short hair. He has handcuffs on his wrists. The man grabs the boy. Is the boy afraid? The man turns the boy upside down. He shakes him.There is a rice ball in the boy’s pocket. Is it round or triangular? Is it very big? The rice ball falls out. The man picks up the rice ball. He eats it. Is it tasty? He eats very quickly because he is very very hungry. The boy feels sorry for the hungry man. The man asks for food. He asks for some tools too. He wants to take the handcuffs off.The boy goes to get food. The man sleeps on the hill behind a tree near the graveyard. Is he very tired? Is he afraid of ghosts?Two hours later the boy comes back. He has some bread. Is it fresh? He also has some cooked rice. Is it hot? Is it in a bag? He has some fruit too. What kind of fruit is it? He has a bottle of sake too. Is it expensive sake? He has some tools too. What tools are they?The man is very grateful. He eats the food. He takes the handcuffs off. He runs away.Two days later the boy is in the rice fields again. Is it a warm day? The boy hears a sound. It is a police siren. A police car comes. What colour is it? Four policemen get out. Are they young or old? They run up the hill. They catch the man. They put handcuffs on him. They put him in the car? The car drives away. Is it fast? The small boy watches the car. He thinks about the man. He feels sorry for the man.The man is an escaped prisoner. The police take him back to prison. Are the police nice to him? The man is from a poor family. He lives in prison now. Where is the prison? Is it a big prison?The boy lives with his aunt and his uncle. His father is dead and his mother is dead too. Is he lonely? He lives in an old house in a village. Is it a big house? Is it a traditional Japanese farmhouse?The boy likes school. Is his school far from his house? What is the name of his favourite teacher? The boy wants to go to university. Is university expensive? The boy wants to go to university but he cannot go to university because his family is poor. Is his uncle a farmer?At night the boy thinks about his father and his mother and he thinks about school and he thinks about the escaped prisoner and he thinks about his dream. He wants to go to university. Is he happy?A little boy lives in a small village with his aunt and his uncle. His parents are dead. How many houses are there in the village? The little boy’s family is poor. He helps his uncle in the fields.There is a beautiful little girl in the village. She is about ten years old. Is her hair long? One day the little boy sees the girl. The little boy watches her. He likes her but she does not look at him.The little boy grows up. He goes to high school and he sees the little girl every day but she does not look at him. How many students are there at the boy’s high school? They take the same bus each morning. How many people are there on the bus each morning? What colour is the bus?There is a strange old woman in the village. She is very very rich. How old is she? Is her hair white? She owns a lot of rice fields and houses too.The young high school girl lives with the strange old woman. Her parents are dead. The boy’s parents are dead and the girl’s parents are dead too. Every day after school, the girl goes home. She talks to the old woman. The old woman talks to the girl but she does not talk to other people. She stays inside the house.One day a letter comes to the boy’s house. It is from the rich old woman. It is an invitation. It is an invitation to the house. The boy wants to meet the girl. The next day he puts on clean clothes. He goes to the house. He walks. It is a big house on a hill outside the village. Is it a beautiful house? There is a big wall around the house. The boy goes to the gate. He rings a bell. The girl comes to the gate. She opens it. He goes inside. The girl says, “Kiss me”. The boy kisses her on the cheek. Is her cheek soft? The girl says, “Follow me”. The boy follows her. They go inside. The house is huge. How many rooms are there in the house? Is it a three-storey house? The boy and the girl go upstairs. They meet a man on the stairs. He is a strange man. He has a big red nose. He says “Aaah, very good, very good!” and he nods his head. The boy goes into a room. He meets the strange old woman. The old woman lives in a big bedroom. The room is a bedroom. It is very dirty. There is a cake on the table. It is very old. The woman is very thin and she has a strange high voice. She says, “Play cards”. The boy and the girl sit on the floor and they play cards. The old woman watches. After thirty minutes the old woman says “Enough!” She puts some money in the boy’s pocket. She says, “Come back next week.” The girl takes the boy to the gate. She does not say “goodbye”. The boy goes home. How much money is there in his pocket? A high school boy lives in a village. Every week he goes to a big house on a hill outside the village. A strange old rich woman lives in the village. A beautiful young girl lives with her. The boy plays with the girl. What games do they play? The old woman pays the boy each week. How much does she pay him? The boy wants to go to university. What does he want to study? Does the girl want to go to university? One day the boy goes to the old woman’s house and the girl opens the gate. Does she say, “Hello”? The boy goes inside and plays with the girl. After they play, the old woman says, “Today is the last day.” The girl takes the boy to the gate. She says “Am I beautiful?” The boy says, “Yes, you are!” The girl says, “You are ugly!” She slaps him. The boy goes home. How much money is there in his pocket? Does he love the girl? Does she love him? Is he sad? The girl goes away to another school in the city. What is the name of the school? The boy does not see the girl anymore. Does he miss her? He thinks about university. He studies hard at school. What is his favourite subject at school? Does he have many friends? What sport does he play? Does he get good marks at school? The boy wants to go to university but he cannot go because he does not have enough money. How much does it cost per year? He worries about the future. One day a letter comes to the house. It is a letter from a stranger. The letter says the boy can go to university. It will cost nothing. A rich man will help him. The boy is surprised. Is he happy? One year later the boy moves to the city. He moves in to a small apartment. How many rooms are there in his apartment? Is there a unit bath? Does it have a kitchen? A man with a big red nose comes to the boy’s apartment. He is a lawyer. He tells the boy to come to his office each month. Each month the boy comes and the man with the red nose gives him money. How much does he give him per month? How much is the rent for the apartment?
The boy goes to university every weekday. How many classes does he have per week? What course does he do? Does he join a circle? Does he have a part-time job?
One day the boy takes the bus to university. He sees a girl on the bus. It is the beautiful girl from his village. He remembers her and he still thinks about her a lot. Does she remember him? He says “Hello” to her but she does not answer him. She ignores him.

4. THE ATTACK IN THE PARK (present perfect)

A young guy is a university student. What faculty is he in? Is he a first year student? His parents are dead and he comes from a poor family but he can go to university because a stranger pays his tuition and his living expenses. How much is his tuition per year? How much are his living expenses?
The young guy does not know the stranger. He has never met him. It is exam time. How many tests does the guy have? Is he nervous? He goes to see a lawyer with a big red nose. The lawyer gives him money every month. The money is from a stranger. The young student has never met the stranger.
There is a girl at the same university. She is from the same village. The young guy is in love with her but she always ignores him. The young guy has a friend. It is another student. The friend is a guy in the same faculty. The young guy tells his friend about the girl. How long has he known his friend? How long has he known the girl? Has his friend ever seen the girl?
One night the guy is walking home. He walks through a park. He sees a man and a woman. The man attacks the woman. The woman screams. It is the same woman. It is the beautiful girl from the young guy’s village. He wants to help her. He wants to save her. He shouts at the man. He hits him. The man stops. He runs away. The girl cries. The young student takes her to a coffee shop. Has he ever been to that coffee shop before? Has the girl ever been there before?
The two students sit in the coffee shop for a long time. They talk about their village. They talk about the strange old woman. They talk about the lawyer with the big red nose. The young woman gives the young guy her phone number. She has beautiful long hair. The guy holds her hand. Has he ever held a woman’s hand before? After several hours they both go home.
The next day the guy calls the girl but there is no answer. He calls her ten times but nobody answers the phone. He goes to his friend’s house. He talks to his friend. His friend has a girlfriend. How long has he known his girlfriend? How many girlfriends has he had?
The two friends study for their exams. They both want to work in another country. They both want to get good jobs and travel and see the world. The young guy from the village has never been overseas. Which country does he want to go to? His friend has been to three countries in Asia. Which countries has he been to? Has he been to America?
The final exam period comes. The two friends sit their final exams. They both pass. They both get really high marks. The young guy from the village gets a job at a computer company.

5. THE TRANSFER (present continuous tense)

A young Japanese computer engineer is in his apartment. It is late at night. He is lying in his bed. He is thinking about his life. He is thinking about his parents. Is he thinking about his aunt and his uncle too? Does he miss his aunt and his uncle? Does he visit his village often?
The young engineer comes from a poor family but he has been to university because a rich stranger helped him. He has never met the stranger. The next day he goes to see a lawyer. The lawyer works for the rich stranger. The lawyer is sitting at his desk. He is reading something. What is he reading?
The young guy comes in and he sits down. He has known the lawyer for five years. He has asked him about the rich stranger many times but the lawyer has never answered his questions. He asks him again. The lawyer will not answer.
That weekend the young guy goes back to his village. He visits his aunt and his uncle. Are they still living in the same house? What is the uncle doing when he arrives? What is the aunt doing? There is a strange old lady in the village. The young man thinks the old lady is giving him money. He goes to her house. He knocks on the door. A beautiful girl answers. What is she wearing? Is she wearing a hat? The guy has not seen the girl for two years. He still remembers her. He still loves her. He does not want to love her but he does. He cannot stop his feelings.
The young woman takes the young man to see the old lady. She is sitting in the same room. She is sitting in the same chair. She is wearing the same dirty old white dress. She is reading something. What is she reading?
The young engineer says, “You are giving me money. I know. Thank you, but I don’t need money now. I have a good job. I want too pay you back.” The old lady laughs. She says, “I have never given you any money.”
The young guy is confused. He wants to know who is giving him money. He goes to work on Monday. The boss telephones him. He goes to his boss’s office. The boss is sitting in a big leather chair. Is he wearing a suit? Is he wearing a tie?
The company has a branch in New York City. There are some problems in New York. The young guy has to go to New York. He has to live there and work there for two years. Is he happy about this?
That night he telephones his uncle. What is his uncle doing when the phone rings? What is his aunt doing? He tells them about his transfer to New York. After that he goes to bed. One hour later the telephone rings. It is the beautiful girl from his village. Is he sleeping when she calls? She wants to meet him in New York.

6. THE TRIP TO NEW YORK (future “going to”)

A young Japanese computer engineer is going to go to New York City. He is going to work there for his company. How long is he going to stay? Is he going to get a raise? Is he going to get a promotion?
Before he leaves, the engineer calls a lawyer. He says he is going to go to New York City. He says he is going to leave in one week. Two days later the lawyer calls the engineer back. He says he has a message from the rich stranger. The rich stranger is living in New York City now. He is going to contact the engineer in New York.
The engineer is very curious. He wants to meet the rich stranger. The stranger has helped him a lot. He wants to thank him. He goes home and he opens his cupboard. He looks at his clothes. How many suits is he going to take? How many pairs of shoes is he going to take? How many shirts is he going to take? What is he going to wear on the plane?
The engineer visits his village again. He wants to say “Goodbye” to his aunt and his uncle. He is going to miss them. Is he going to write? Is he going to ring? Do they have email?
That afternoon the young engineer goes to the strange old woman. He wants to say goodbye to her. Is he going to write to her? He wants to see the beautiful girl too. The beautiful girl is not at the house. She is in the city.
The next day the guy goes back to the city. He visits his old friend from university. They go to a little bar. They drink a lot and they talk a lot. The friend is going to go to Malaysia. When is going to leave? Is he going to stay in Kuala Lumpur? How long is he going to stay there? Is he going to get a promotion? Is he going to get a raise?
A week later the young engineer catches a plane to New York City. Is the plane full? Does he have a window seat? A woman sits next to him. She is European. Which country is she from? She is going to New York too but she is not going to stay there long. She is going to change planes in New York and then she is going to fly to Chicago. How many hours is she going to stay in New York? What is she going to do in Chicago?
Then Japanese guy talks to the European woman. He likes her. She likes him. They talk about music. What kind of music does she like? She gives him her telephone number in Paris. She lives in Paris. Is he going to call her? Is he going to email her?
The plane arrives in New York. The engineer says goodbye to the European woman. He goes through customs and immigration. A man from his company meets him in the arrivals lounge. They take a taxi to his new apartment. Does the engineer have jetlag? That night he has to meet his new co-workers at a restaurant. What time is he going to meet them? Are they going to meet in a Japanese restaurant?
